is the devil crying
ochio you check it out you are talented
young one what are you doing but you
spend too much time
[ __ ] your hand what and your hand
doesn't enjoy it it's not consensual
No then that's not true at all that's
basically your raping your own hand
check it out what's that swear on the
book of Beelzebub blood oh wow who does
that anymore
we're just got sucked into another
dimension oh really out here I thought
that portal went to Barnes and Noble we
gotta go in after it
[Music]
where are we you're goddamn right worst
of the worst [ __ ] a the Lord of [ __ ]
that was kinda mean actually no one had
the decency to torture this guy before I
got down here oh no no that's our
foosball table chief to save our friend
you guys he'll be fine no offense and
I'll get to your Frank Curtin hey you
tricked us
I know
oh hey that's my heart pretty sure
you're gonna die it's already dead his
neck is pretty tits right I can get you
wherever you want to go check out my
skills yo stuck it oh I can leap and far
to the same
[Music]
I will have a pepperoni pizza Dobrev
rollin pizzas I'm sorry but it does say
Pizza Hut and you're being tortured
welcome Vale
[Music]